# **Acknowledgments**

Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that the first edition of this book would get such a large audience. I received so many messages from readers, many asking questions, some kindly pointing out errata, and most sending me encouraging words. I cannot express how grateful I am to all these readers for their tremendous support. Thank you all so very much! Please do not hesitate to [file issues on github](https://github.com/ageron/handson-ml2/issues) if you find errors in the code examples (or just to ask questions), or to submit [errata](https://homl.info/errata2) if you find errors in the text. Some readers also shared how this book helped them get their first job, or how it helped them solve a concrete problem they were working on: I find such feedback incredibly motivating. If you find this book helpful, I would love it if you could share your story with me, either privately (e.g., via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aurelien-geron/)) or publicly (e.g., in an [Amazon review](https://homl.info/amazon2)).

I am also incredibly thankful to all the amazing people who took time out of their busy lives to review my book with such care. In particular, I would like to thank François Chollet for reviewing all the chapters based on Keras & TensorFlow, and giving me some great, in-depth feedback. Since Keras is one of the main additions to this 2nd edition, having its author review the book was invaluable. I highly recommend François’s excellent book [Deep Learning with Python](https://homl.info/cholletbook)[^1]: it has the conciseness, clarity and depth of the Keras library itself. Big thanks as well to Ankur Patel, who reviewed every chapter of this 2nd edition and gave me excellent feedback.

This book also benefited from plenty of help from members of the TensorFlow team, in particular Martin Wicke, who tirelessly answered dozens of my questions and dispatched the rest to the right people, including Alexandre Passos, Allen Lavoie, André Susano Pinto, Anna Revinskaya, Anthony Platanios, Clemens Mewald, Dan Moldo‐van, Daniel Dobson, Dustin Tran, Edd Wilder-James, Goldie Gadde, Jiri Simsa, Karmel Allison, Nick Felt, Paige Bailey, Pete Warden (who also reviewed the 1st edition), Ryan Sepassi, Sandeep Gupta, Sean Morgan, Todd Wang, Tom O’Malley, William Chargin, and Yuefeng Zhou, all of whom were tremendously helpful. A huge thank you to all of you, and to all other members of the TensorFlow team. Not just for your help, but also for making such a great library.

Big thanks to Haesun Park, who gave me plenty of excellent feedback and caught several errors while he was writing the Korean translation of the 1st edition of this book. He also translated the Jupyter notebooks to Korean, not to mention TensorFlow’s documentation. I do not speak Korean, but judging by the quality of his feedback, all his translations must be truly excellent! Moreover, he kindly contributed some of the solutions to the exercises in this book.

Many thanks as well to O’Reilly’s fantastic staff, in particular Nicole Tache, who gave me insightful feedback, always cheerful, encouraging, and helpful: I could not dream of a better editor. Big thanks to Michele Cronin as well, who was very helpful (and patient) at the start of this 2nd edition. Thanks to Marie Beaugureau, Ben Lorica, Mike Loukides, and Laurel Ruma for believing in this project and helping me define its scope. Thanks to Matt Hacker and all of the Atlas team for answering all my technical
questions regarding formatting, asciidoc, and LaTeX, and thanks to Rachel Monaghan, Nick Adams, and all of the production team for their final review and their hundreds of corrections.

I would also like to thank my former Google colleagues, in particular the YouTube video classification team, for teaching me so much about Machine Learning. I could never have started the first edition without them. Special thanks to my personal ML gurus: Clément Courbet, Julien Dubois, Mathias Kende, Daniel Kitachewsky, James Pack, Alexander Pak, Anosh Raj, Vitor Sessak, Wiktor Tomczak, Ingrid von Glehn,
Rich Washington, and everyone I worked with at YouTube and in the amazing Google research teams in Mountain View. All these people are just as nice and helpful as they are bright, and that’s saying a lot.

I will never forget the kind people who reviewed the 1st edition of this book, including David Andrzejewski, Eddy Hung, Grégoire Mesnil, Iain Smears, Ingrid von Glehn, Justin Francis, Karim Matrah, Lukas Biewald, Michel Tessier, Salim Sémaoune, Vincent Guilbeau and of course my dear brother Sylvain.

Last but not least, I am infinitely grateful to my beloved wife, Emmanuelle, and to our three wonderful children, Alexandre, Rémi, and Gabrielle, for encouraging me to work hard on this book, as well as for their insatiable curiosity: explaining some of the most difficult concepts in this book to my wife and children helped me clarify my thoughts and directly improved many parts of this book. Plus, they keep bringing me cookies and coffee! What more can one dream of?



[^1]:
     “Deep Learning with Python,” François Chollet (2017).