# **Roadmap**

This book is organized in two parts. ***The Fundamentals of Machine Learning***, covers the following topics:

-  What is Machine Learning? What problems does it try to solve? What are the main categories and fundamental concepts of Machine Learning systems?

- The main steps in a typical Machine Learning project.

-  Learning by fitting a model to data.

- Optimizing a cost function.

- Handling, cleaning, and preparing data.

- Selecting and engineering features.

- The main challenges of Machine Learning, in particular underfitting and overfitting (the bias/variance tradeoff).

- Reducing the dimensionality of the training data to fight the curse of dimensionality.

- Other unsupervised learning techniques, including clustering, density estimation
and anomaly detection.

- The most common learning algorithms: Linear and Polynomial Regression, Logistic Regression, k-Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines, Decision Trees, Random Forests, and Ensemble methods.

***Neural Networks and Deep Learning***, covers the following topics:

- What are neural nets? What are they good for?

- The most important neural net architectures: feedforward neural nets, convolutional nets, recurrent nets, long short-term memory (LSTM) nets, autoencoders and generative adversarial networks (GANs).

- Techniques for training deep neural nets.

- Scaling neural networks for large datasets.

- Learning strategies with Reinforcement Learning.

- Handling uncertainty with Bayesian Deep Learning.

The first part is based mostly on Scikit-Learn while the second part uses TensorFlow and Keras.

!!! warning annotate "Warning"

    Don’t jump into deep waters too hastily: while Deep Learning is no doubt one of the most exciting areas in Machine Learning, you should master the fundamentals first. Moreover, most problems can be solved quite well using simpler techniques such as Random Forests and Ensemble methods (discussed in ***The Fundamentals of Machine Learning***). Deep Learning is best suited for complex problems such as image recognition, speech recognition, or natural language processing, provided you have enough data, computing power, and patience.




