# **The Machine Learning Landscape**

!!! note "Note"

    With Early Release ebooks, you get books in their earliest form the author’s raw and unedited content as he or she writes—so you can take advantage of these technologies long before the official release of these titles. The following will be Chapter 1 in the final release of the book.

When most people hear “Machine Learning,” they picture a robot: a dependable but‐ler or a deadly Terminator depending on who you ask. But Machine Learning is not just a futuristic fantasy, it’s already here. In fact, it has been around for decades in some specialized applications, such as <em>Optical Character Recognition</em> (OCR). But the first ML application that really became mainstream, improving the lives of hundreds of millions of people, took over the world back in the 1990s: it was the <em>spam filter</em>. Not exactly a self-aware Skynet, but it does technically qualify as Machine Learning (it has actually learned so well that you seldom need to flag an email as spam anymore). It was followed by hundreds of ML applications that now quietly power hundreds of products and features that you use regularly, from better recommendations to voice search.

Where does Machine Learning start and where does it end? What exactly does it mean for a machine to learn something? If I download a copy of Wikipedia, has my computer really “learned” something? Is it suddenly smarter? In this chapter we will start by clarifying what Machine Learning is and why you may want to use it.

Then, before we set out to explore the Machine Learning continent, we will take a look at the map and learn about the main regions and the most notable landmarks: supervised versus unsupervised learning, online versus batch learning, instance-based versus model-based learning. Then we will look at the workflow of a typical ML project, discuss the main challenges you may face, and cover how to evaluate and
fine-tune a Machine Learning system.

his chapter introduces a lot of fundamental concepts (and jargon) that every data scientist should know by heart. It will be a high-level overview (the only chapter without much code), all rather simple, but you should make sure everything is crystal-clear to you before continuing to the rest of the book. So grab a coffee and let’s get started!

!!! tip "Tip"

    If you already know all the Machine Learning basics, you may want to skip directly to ***End-to-End Machine Learning Project***. If you are not sure, try to answer all the questions listed at the end of the chapter before moving on.

### **What Is Machine Learning?**

Machine Learning is the science (and art) of programming computers so they can <em>learn from data</em>.

Here is a slightly more general definition:
    * [Machine Learning is the] field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
        - Arthur Samuel, 1959